(quiet music)
- [Voiceover] I said I was sorry, okay?
- No worries, I can
just get more tomorrow.
- [Voiceover] You need
to label your stuff.
- Okay, totally.
Alright, will do.
Goodnight.
Actually I think what you said was
"I'm sorry you're so pissed off."
So like, technically, not an apology.
Also Bridget, why do I
need to label something
that you didn't buy?
Like, how do you function
at the grocery store?
Just walk in, "Oh my
god, is this all for me?"
No.
Hey girl, it's me.
Um, new Bridget story.
Today I walked home and right when I,
oh, you know what?
Too long for voicemail, okay
call me when you get this.
I love you.
Bye.
Okay, what's happened in the
world of Instagram today?
Oh, that's why you couldn't answer.
You are adorably riding
bikes with your new friends.
Okay, I can Instagram too.
Yeah, let's see.
I will call this one
"Friday Night with Bay".
Perfect.
We'll just go with "LOL,
finally started drinking alone."
TBT to when I had friends.
Okay, it'll be fine,
when I make my hilarious
group of new friends.
So long as they like "Toddlers
and Tiaras" we will be great.
Because that is the only thing
I have going on right now.
Should I just move home? (scoffs)
It'll get better, I mean, it has to.
Here we go, on the upside
got some extra fried rice.
Yay.
It's good,
extra fried rice, yay!
(sighs)
Yay.
(vintage film reel and modem sounds)